 1. What is Semantic HTML? HTML markup that gives meaning to your webpage.
    2. What is HTML used for? used to create a webpage and mark it up
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes provide additional info about elements and we put it in front and behind an element.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? it is to create a large header, generally only used once since it is a title.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes <input> and <select>
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? The <head> element
    7. What is an id? it is an attribute that specifies a unique id for and HTML element when you want to get more and more specific
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all HTML elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? No, element ID's should be unique within the entire document
    10. What is a class? a class can be used to identify multiple elements on the page for styling
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all elements
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? you can only declare the class attribute once per HTML element
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? add a target="_blank" attribute to your links (anchor tags)
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if a user for some reason cannot view it
    15. How do I reference an id? #id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div  <section> means that the content inside is grouped and should appear as a entry in an outline of a page but <div> does not convey any meaning
    17. What is CSS used for? used for styling html doc
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page   h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one class can style mutliple elements in a section but id is only for styling one element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? .class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? p.human {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the specified element. It would be useful in specifying specific elements
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? a.sidebar {}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?  a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element like :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-height property
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing property
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? uppercase:, lowercase: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * {}
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? rm -f <file>
    34. Why should I use version control? to track changes when working on a collaborative coding project
    35. How often should I commit to github? whenever you finish a step
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push -u origin <branch-name>
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Fork your own version of the code
        add collaborator
        clone repo by git clone <link>
        cd into the newly created repo
        Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command to create your own branch name for the repo
        commit changes by using git add .
        git commit -m "message here"
        git push origin brnach-name
        create new pull request
        open new pull request


Stretch Questions
 
    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element? an inline element does not cause a line break (start on a new line) and does not take up the full width of a page and a block level element always starts on a new line and takes up the full width of a page, from left to right.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? the position of that element is fixed and set to auto. It establishes a new block format
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? add padding
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default,  nav, p and h1
        2 elements that are display inline by default and a, input
        1 element that is display inline-block by default img
    5. In your own words, explain the box model.  the box model is an box that wraps around every html element. it consist of margins, borders, padding and content. 
        What is the fix for the box model? box-sizing: border-box


   --> 